very good afternoon I am bea ' of breast
episode number 16 of the tunnel top
we continue in the second division with the
adopted from team let's see if
we got the promotion to first- and as
not the title would be pretty good on
all after the previous division
where we were just a few dots
to get it but well I remind you
theme of 300 likes to upload the
next episode that would already be the
last division of the first rival series
to the team with robben dumbia royce götze
in removing and have go complete equipazo
a true adopted like ours
minute 10 ball for rodrigo rodrigo with
dumbia we cut inwards we
we put in the area quietly and here
will be crossed goalkeeper although the
eat a little things as they are
they throw the opposite and the ball enters him
by the handles again of a day giving
face and you're
goodbye to take for ass the game like that
like to get the three points you are
watching a single shot that strong the goal
I do not know I do not understand the truth I think that
had enough equipment the kid like
to try to come back but good
We thank already 12 points
we guarantee is one more season in
second and next rival bbva with
Manchu that and Rodrigo
is to ask deulofeu mascherano and piqué
as central squares in goal
let's see how about this team either
scares us a priori minutes 8 ball that
he comes to muse and here he's going to whistle
penalty the referee for me very clear
go to see the entrance of mascherano in
the foot of support of the Nigerian player
let's see cumbia against squares
guessed the side but finally we marked
the first minute 27 goal we carry the
ball with muse of not enough line of
background passes and all the death and Rodrigo
there with the cane is 2 to 0
very good a lot already in the episode
previous made the same play and minute
31 dumbia ball for Rodrigo stays
only before squares
and here quietly marks at pleasure the
3 to 0 3 goals in 31 minutes this opponent
it was very bad and especially here you are
seeing already in the 40 when it is still bundled
a little bit more the party against him
very clear penalty of squares that he plays
the dumbia foot when he enters the ball and
again one day against squares we're going
to see this time if we get
transforms part and there goes dumbia
4 to 0 kids this was more than
sentenced right between rest is
the time has come for more but it is
take you we put it back for
Rodrigo and here again quietly
we make the fifth a little hand before
start the second time always comes
well to face it calmly without
But ribalta was going to have his
62 minute ball that catches with james
Rodriguez and gives it to Rodrigo for
do the 51
even then we will soon cut the
hope to winds 69 corner that boots
uytsel and here the shortest of the class
that is Muse notes the sixth of the head
incredible about the head shots and
always the shortest player usually
win something to see with more experience in
this type of play minute 76 ball that
takes dumbia we get in the area
quietly and we shoot to squares
to do the 71
small win in the second division I do not know
how the rival came to the same but
well 71 we won the match again
three more points and having the
pretty favorable statistics for
we add 15 points and the
we have a very good run
to finally get the title of
this division
let's see the next opponent if we
puts the most complicated things is
watching the ibarbo square equipment
gervinho post goes to marchisio de rossi
killing and cáceres as central is a
very competitive series team and
be very careful especially to the
part of attack and minute 13 ball that
arrives quietly at gervinho does not
the 0 to 1 has already warned you have to have
be very careful with this type of players
30 minute ball that we filter for
Rodrigo can not win Cáceres by
body and here we quietly brought
from the goalkeeper we cross it at pleasure to
tie him and more in the 80th minute of
eye game here the bad control of the
rival we take the ball with dumbia in the
center of the field seems that we are going to
lose we guess the rival's intention
we go calmly towards the
goalkeeper the goalie to the shit is shot
to the ground without hardly moving and we do
2 to 1 in the minute practically 82
of match three points that are very
important since practically a
victory more does not leave the title in
our showcases again the
pretty favorable statistics for
we are already seeing 18 points
to get the title and with two
We games left we can
allow the luxury of failing in one and
possible last opponent of the team episode
premier with jesus nava sturridge
schürrle lampard matic wilshere we are going to
see the truth is that very little premier has
this time we've been
found second division something very
rare to see minute 37 we go the ball with
wiesel can not put us body mattis
we get into the area and cross it
quietly 10 this result we
I would give the title at this time but
the opponent will remove from the center of the field
take the ball with chula and is living
what I was going to do runs forward
to connect a lot state this year and
he quietly beats diego alves 11
we would hope quickly and more
even when just before the break to
Lebanon makes a penalty here the truth is
that it was very clear, we threw ourselves
the desperate if we ask that sturridge
finish calmly and this player who
I was not going to fail even though we guess the
side with diego alves but good 12
I had to come back in the second half
let's see how the jewel thing was
48 minute dumbia ball for
we are here surrounded after a rejection the
value is left to muse muse muse
2 to 2 at minute 49 very soon
we put back in the game but in
the 52 eye here that the rival again
puts in advantage this time with jesus navas
we're in the shit 70 minute ball by
high to knock down good control of the
Nigerian player penalty penalty clear
let's see dumbia against peter che goal
3 to 3
we are one goal to get the
boy title we will see you minute now
86 of the match we take the ball with muse
let's see what the player invents
Nigerian we braked we hope we
between we go on the outside we get into
the area does not train us, let's say there's a lot
goal
we put ourselves in advantage 4-3 minute 87 of
match we have scored the goal more
important but something that has not yet
finished these minutes already 95 and here
Dumbia quietly yields is the new
muse to make the 53 the result
definitive comes the second title
division to the showcases ends the
match very good image which we have
given in the whole division is watching the
statistics
match the truth that is very equal to
final we had that touch of luck that in
other games we missed if the 21
points earned with a match that
has left us finally I hope that
have liked the episode kids give it
a lot of love this video we go and we arrived
to the 300 likes and we started with
first division the last of the
divisions of the series and I say the same
always liked the episode vote
the life favorites subscribe to the one in
what you are not sharing video
with our friends and see you in the
next episode goodbye